AWS already handles many of the aspects of stability
when executing your lambda functions.
They ensure your lambda function is available,
scaled out, and running on performant hardware.
There's not much else you have to think about except the
stability of the code your lambda is running.
There are two things that I consider when thinking about lambda stability.
The first is monitoring the lambda for states that are bad,
such as errors, long execution time, etc.
We will cover this in a later module on monitoring.
The other thing is ensuring that events that come to
the lambda are processed for sure.
There's nothing worse than a lambda receiving an event,
but then dropping the ball.
Imagine database records that should be written, but aren't.
The lack of stability in regards to event processing
can affect your entire application.
Monitoring can let you know when errors occur,
but they won't help you ensure whatever event caused those
errors will eventually be processed.
That's where dead‑letter queues come in.
As stated earlier,
a dead‑letter queue is either an SNS topic or an SQS queue
where your lambda will send any events that were unable to
be processed by the lambda.
For instance, if your code errors from an event,
the lambda infrastructure will then send that event to the dead‑letter queue,
ensuring it isn't lost.
You can then retrieve any unprocessed events from the
dead‑letter queue at a later time and run them back through the
lambda once you fix the underlying issue.
If you look in the details of one of your lambdas,
you'll see there's an Asynchronous invocation section.
Click Edit on this section,
which contains information on function timeout and retry attempts.
The DLQ, aka dead‑letter queue,
drop‑down is where you would configure the dead‑letter queue.
You can select either SNS or SQS and then a resource from one of them.
Once configured, you don't need to do anything else.
The lambda infrastructure takes it from there.
Processing these events at a later time is up to you,
however,
so you'd want to ensure there's some sort of listener on the other end of these
dead‑letter queues that is persisting the events somehow.
Once the stability of your lambda function processing
is insured with dead‑letter queues,
you have a computing process that can handle
basically any load you can throw at it.
And speaking of that, let's take a look at performance and concurrency in the next video.